[service-mesh-docs-3.1] [DOCS] OSSM-11978 3.1.5 Release notes (#105856)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-release-notes-3-1-5.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/ossm-release-notes/ossm-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ossm-release-3-1-5_{context}"]
= {SMProductName} version 3.1.5

[role="_abstract"]

> This release of {SMProductName} is included with the {SMProductName} Operator 3.1.5 and is supported on {ocp-product-title} 4.16-4.20. This release addresses enhancements and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

Reviewer: Just making sure that this is not relevant for newly released OCP 4.21 👍

For supported component versions for 3.1.5, see "Service Mesh version support tables".

[id="ossm-enhancements-3-1-5_{context}"]
== Enhancements

* This enhancement updates {istio} to version 1.26.8.

> * This enhancement updates Kiali Operator to version 2.17.3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* This enhancement updates Kiali server to version 2.11.6.
```
Actually, the Kiali operator is released with the latest OSSM 3.2.2 version
